# CS250_Software_Development_LifeCycle

### Final Questions to answer from the course.
#### How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
Using Scrum-Agile practices, a great way to interpret user needs is through the creation of a Product Backlog filled with user stories. Each user story should consist of a feature that the user (client) wants their program to have. It is important to make sure each user story is clear and concise as well ensuring there is a way to check if each user story can be completed. Prioritization of the user stories inside of the Product Backlog should be done to ensure the most important user stories get developed into the program first. Then through amount of work estimations for each user story and the amount of user stories we can complete in a Sprint, we can begin to get a timeline of how long a project may take. The actual development of each user story will then take place during a Sprint that is a set amount of time to work on a select number of prioritized user stories. As we then begin to develop user stories of the Product Backlog through each Sprint, we can successfully progress the project through incremental Sprints until a certain deadline or decision is met to the clients preferences. This process ensures that the product recieved by the user (client) includes the most prioritized features while accounting for any changes or obstacles brought up during the development process.

#### How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
When understanding that we live in a world that is constently changing while finding a way to efficiently develop complex solutions, I believe approaching software development with a Scrum-Agile approach is very valuable method. Agile practices like Scrum events, Product Backlogs, and information radiators helps to open communication between team members helping them to easily communicate what obstacles or changes are occuring during development and account for them. This is then discussed with agile practices, such as the different Scrum events like the Daily Stand Up, Sprint Review and Sprint Retrospectives, and changes can be implemented through subsequent iterations of Sprints. By being able to be flexible in development, we can ensure that a product can be developed that meets the user's(client) satisfaction in quality even if changes may occur. Using Agile-Scrum with development not only helps to deliver a quality product to the client, but it also helps communicate with the team I am working with about what is working for us, and what is not. This in turns will help my team and I progress to being a higher performing team.

#### What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
To be a good team member in softare development one of the most important abilities to have is the ability to communicate with your team members. One of the great aspects about working in a Scrum-Agile environment is that it is okay and engcourage to encounter failures. This however, needs to be communicated effeciently to allow for the team to quickly identify the reasons for the failures and attempt to remove obstacles in that progress. Another aspect is to be able to have accoutability for yourself as well as the team. We must be able to understand that if we agree to complete a task, that the team is relying on you to complete that task. If a problem is found in completing that task, again communication with the team is vital in helping to find a solution. In the idea of one having accountability for the team itself, it is important to be cross-functional and help support other team members with the obstacles they may face. Understanding that those obstacles faced by other team members affects the team's progress as a whole, helps to create an environment will grow my team's skills as well as my owns. This in turn will help my team to progress itslef to becoming higher-performing.


# Scum-Agile Software Development Life Cycle.
This contains materials that reflected studies in the practices and thoeries of Scrum-Agile approaches in Software Development.

Included:<br>
- A Power Point presentation on Scrum-Agile practices and implementation for a mock company Chada Tech into an example project called SNHU Travel.<br>
- A paper explaining the roles and events of a Scrum-Agile approach. It includes in the review the capabilities of being flexible when changes are incountered in development.<br>
